ENTITY LIST

Theatre
Seat 
Row
Section
Patron
Show
Manager
CSR
Ticket
Order
Employee


USECASE LIST

View Shows
View Specific Show
View Sections
View specific section
Request seats
Request specifc seat
bookk seats
view order
donate tickets
subscribe for donated tickets
check if lucky
load show
edit show
get report
use ticket


Questions:
When using non typed languages dependency inversion seems to solve less problems. also since js doesn't need to be compiled
Ans: Still helps.

should everythign be classes? not just objects
should an attribute reference an id which is be mapped to an instance of a class? Should a manager be able to load shows? should the manager class have a loadshow,edit show method? or should the theatre class have these methods. Should I have a theatre class? view show , request seats are methods for the customer... right?

Ans: There are two types of class. entities which should be intuitive resusable classes as well as use cases or interactor objects.


facade:
Would having the theatre object having all the methods and having the patron interface having some of those methods that uses the instance of theatre a facade?

Observer:


Query/Set rule with the Ticket.use() function...is it that the use() is a use case and the query set only apply to more basic functions

Should classes represent physical implimentation?
Should there be one instance of seat for each seat thats in the theatre?
Should there be one instance of seat for each seat in a show? more likely because a seats availabilty depends on the show.
Should fulfilling the seats and use cases be done with class objects or can a matrix implimentation be fine?

should i have logic in the restinterface at the api endpoint? or should i have a super object that represents the system so that the software can be deployed anywhere?

can i use 4 way state machine for ticket, created-bought-used or created-bought-donated-used?

should i have getAvailable() seats in section? and just bubble down calls from show.getavailable(sid)....so show.getavailable would call section.getavailable? 
or should all the logic be in show.getavailable? or even person.getavailableshows()?


Should I generate a ticket for each seat or should I generate a ticket for a seat that someone bought?


Should I create show object and then add shows to theatre or should add show to theatre take all show info and create object

Passing IDs as arguments vs class instances
purchase seats. should i pass the the show object and the section object or the show object and show id? alternately should I pass the theatre object then show and section ids? 



SINGLETON - Theatre
FACTORY - creating instaces with IDs
Observer -

pass around factory object in constructors 

Should I have a class called system that encapsulates use cases?

could be like self serve kiosk.

ticket class
scannable interface
scannableticket inherits and impliments both
order

